---
title: From Now, to...
description: What direction should I take?
date: 2024-08-29 22:17:00 -0600
categories: [Just Chatting]
tags: [goals]
---

Yahallo~! You might've noticed that it's a bit late (probably not, but I'm not an original author by any means). I usually stop using my computer at 10:30 PM, so I need to hustle!

## So what are you yapping about today?

I'm glad you asked! In this post, I'll touch a bit more upon some of the more concrete goals that I have, and some other contemplations, but in a less serious (hopefully) writing style. Yes, I already went over my "goals and aspirations" 3 days ago, but in that post, I didn't mention what I want to do going *forwards*.

I've already talked about some of my acomplishments up until this point. It might seem pretty dazzling, winning competition after competition, creating massively popular games, and making a variety of technical projects at my age. But honestly, I think I'm not doing as well as I could be.

## 1 year? 2 years? 10 years?

So, since I have 7 minutes left, I'll quickly talk about my thoughts about my own future. What direction I want to take my life in is actually something I think about extremely often, and it worries me that I seem to have very murky prospects in terms of "succeeding".

For now, my plan is simply to earn as much money as I can, without regard for anything else. This doesn't mean taking on a part-time job, however. I want to be able to either launch my own startup, or just create a product that sells well. I want to do this within the next 2 years, before I even go to college.

## College?

If I do go to college, my parents really want me to get into a good school, such as MIT or an ivy league. Personally, I'm not sure about what exactly to do as of now. I'm trying to find a good project idea that can either get me into a good university, or earn me enough money to not need to get a job in the first place.

Afterwards, I'd like to simply do investing in order to maintain my wealth and ensure a stable income.

Anyways, that's enough yapping for today, goodnight!
